All demon hunters
have to take an oath.
I swear to protect the
world from monsters.
no matter how big. or
gross. or scary they are.
I swear to protect...
Shh!
I think there's a demon outside.
Mary. did you like the movie?
It was okay. Not
enough shooting.
I told you not to let her watch
any more of those shoot-'em-ups.
I just can't help giving my only
daughter everything she desires.
John. that man is staring at us.
I know. Walk faster.
Mary!
I swear to protect the
world from monsters.
Mary!
"A giant monster with a
face that opens in three pieces."
Ha. Sure. buddy. I'll get the
sketch artist right on it.
Oh. yeah.
I spoke to the college.
You haven't been to work in weeks.
This is my work.
Don't you understand that
what we saw means my research.
my theories about the
other realm. were right?
Your daughter never sees you
anymore! I never see you!
It's you that I'm
doing this for.
There are monsters
breaching our world.
and the authorities can
be relied on for nothing.
I need to find a way
to give myself power.
Real power.
So that I can
protect this family.
Like you protected
us in the subway?
John? John. I didn't mean that.
It doesn't matter
what you think of me.
All that matters is the strength to
defeat the darkness that threatens us.
Without that.
we have nothing.
["Rollin'"
♪ Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Your… your… your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Hey. ladies. hey. fellas ♪
♪ And the people that
don't give a ♪♪♪♪ ♪
♪ All the lovers.
all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people That
call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas. pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people
rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey. rockers. hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all
around the world ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin' Rollin'.
rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
Yo. lady! Not to be
a backseat driver.
but I'm pretty sure this violates
the Geneva Convention or something.
The Geneva Convention
only applies to humans.
I'm a human!
In your case. I think
the UN will understand.
This has got to be the
second-worst job you ever gave me.
Oh. you mean after
the Raccoon City job?
- Third-worst.
- Hmm.
Patriot for Arkham.
How're you liking those
new toys. Lieutenant?
Useful.
Although it would
have been more useful
if you gave me this
shit before the mission.
They're just a prototype
Goldstein whipped up in the lab.
Not approved for field use yet.
Uh. I got her other prototype
ready for you to test sometime too.
Can't wait.
Sentry. King.
what's your status?
All good here.
- We're being the best decoys we can be.
- Good here too.
Although I'm worried the doc's
head might explode from excitement.
The transmitter works precisely
as I theorized. of course.
It emits one half of a
quantum interference pattern.
The rest of the pattern comes
from the amulet's other piece.
So. if that thing is needed to destroy
the wall between us and the Demon Realm.
how about we smash it right now?
No!
Absolutely no smashing it!
The amulet's signal is actively
maintaining the quantum wall.
The natural state of the
two realms is to be joined.
If we destroy the transmitter.
we don't know what would happen to
the stability of either universe.
Not to mention what we stand
to gain from studying it.
The potential applications
in quantum computing alone…
Okay. okay. just asking.
Uh. guys. let's get back
to base in one piece
before we talk about possibly
destabilizing any universes.
I've been in tough
spots like this before.
The trick is not to
buckle under the pressure.
Hmm? Just give it up. Dante.
It's over!
Sure. they have their
boots on our necks.
but we need to buckle
down. and think positive.
Uh…
Ow!
What the…
Oh.
- How are the prisoners?
- A little too fucking comfortable.
What was that for?
Whoa! You gotta give me a warning
before you set off a flamethrower.
If you. uh. don't
mind. Lieutenant.
So. do the fire jets come
standard on this model or…
I've been in the market
for a flamethrower myself.
Custom anti-demon upgrade.
If the Hellblood
somehow gets past those.
there's always the nano-explosive
I injected him with.
that's programmed to activate if he
gets outside of a one-mile radius.
Even that thing should
have trouble healing
from a bomb going off
in its fucking neck.
Damn! Yo. I'd hate to see
what you did to a full demon.
Not to question your
methods. At all.
Don't tell me you have
a weak stomach. Anders.
I'd have thought you'd
be rock hard for revenge
after what the White
Rabbit did to your team.
I… I'm just trying to
make it home. You know?
Hmm.
That's… unexpected.
Something wrong?
Not necessarily. It appears the pattern
coming from the transmitter is changing.
Modulating itself
for some reason.
- You sure they cleared you for action?
- Oh. yeah.
I'm good. Lieutenant.
Solid. A-1.
Lieutenant Arkham. this
is Baines. Report in.
We're rolling smoothly. sir.
Should be home in under an hour.
Good. With the fate of
Heaven and Earth at stake.
there's no one else
I would count on.
- Patch me through to the prisoner.
- Sir?
I want to speak with
him. He interests me.
Dante.
This is Vice President
William Baines.
The Vice President? You
mean. like. from TV?
Boy. am I starting to
regret voting for this guy.
I saw the footage from the
raid on your apartment.
Your abilities are
truly a remarkable gift.
Lieutenant Arkham tells
me you're part demon.
She's wrong.
Yeah. I've got abilities.
Maybe not exactly human
ones. but they're…
I don't know. some sort
of superhero mutations.
Look. there's no part
of me that's demon.
There can't be.
Your mother
and your brother.
they were both killed by
demons. is that right?
Yes.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. We all have dead
families and traumatic childhoods.
What? You think I talked?
Okay. I talked.
but you should have seen
what they did to me!
What about
your father. Dante?
Couldn't tell you.
I never met him.
I see.
There is demon blood in
you. that much is certain.
You were born with a
black stain on your soul.
But none of us are
beyond God's light.
He may still see fit
to cleanse that stain.
should you prove
yourself worthy of it.
Sir. with all due respect.
you're wasting your time.
It doesn't matter how much of
the demon's blood is unholy.
Any is enough to
make it a demon.
Your passion is
your strength. Mary.
But don't allow it to blind you.
Winning this war will take more
than anything human can provide.
You've seen Dante's raw power.
Imagine what that type of asset
could do. if used correctly.
You want to use this thing? Has
the president approved that?
All the president cares about
is maintaining his image.
I set the policies.
I bring the donors. He
approves what I tell him to.
The Lord would not have sent us such a
powerful instrument to enact his will.
if he did not intend
for us to use it.
Road's closed.
Looks like we're
taking a detour.
I'll go check it out.
That's it. That's what's
causing the modulation.
The signal adjusts in response
to the other transmitter's
geospatial location
to keep the overall
pattern in sync.
So the other amulet
piece must be…
…getting closer.
We stopped!
This is our shot!
Hurry up with that thing!
It's almost…
I figured
you out. Hellblood.
Do you really think this whole
jabbering moron act was going to work?
Uh. maybe. What act
are you talking about?
The one where you
don't know you're a demon?
You just happen to
be walking around
with half the key to
fucking Hell on your neck?
The key to Hell?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I think you've all got the
wrong necklace. Seriously.
It's just some old family
heirloom my mom gave me.
What happened?
Whoever is left. protect
the amulet. That's an order.
Protect it with your lives.
We've got nothing.
Did anyone else make it?
We're clear.
But there's no
way to get to you.
Are you okay?
I think…
my leg's stuck.
- Not anymore.
- Fuck!
What is this? Are
we getting rescued?
Can you think of anyone who'd
want to rescue either one of us?
We ain't getting rescued!
Give it to me. I can protect it.
It's the Rabbit!
Does anyone have eyes on it?
I have this area secure.
Do you now?
Somehow. I truly doubt that.
Hey. demons! Big mistake!
My boy Dante here is going
to whoop all your asses!
What are you doing?
Just one second!
So. you want to
surrender individually.
or all at once?
End her.
A
sincere "thank you"
to you all and the government of
these United States of the Earth realm
for picking up the rest
of my amulet for me!
God bless America!
Hmm. Hmm.
Oh. shit! Our bullets
don't affect him!
His DNA is different!
A new evolution!
King!
What happened? Get them back!
Get them back!
Sir. Air Force
Two is on the runway.
We need to get you to a secure
location right now. sir.
Wow! And by my own brother!
What? It's not my fault
you just stood there!
Get your shit together!
What use are any of us to the cause
if we can't kill one little girl?
I don't know.
Looks like she pruned
you pretty good.
None of this would be necessary if you'd
got the amulet when you were supposed to.
And your rogue attempt to
fix it nearly exposed us.
We will watch your blood drain
for our leader.
Where is your leader?
Hello. Anders.
I see my improvements to your
face are settling in nicely.
No! No! What are you doing?
I had to! He got
to my daughters.
And now he's going to
destroy the whole world!
You've condemned us all!
What good is saving the world
if I can't save my own family?
Fuck was that?
The amulet.
He did it.
You have the amulet and the
sword. transmitter and decoder.
Why… Why aren't you using them?
Why not open the
rift. here and now?
Shame. I really had higher
hopes for you. Doctor.
You're still missing a piece.
It needs some kind of…
Uh… Uh…
Decryption key.
There it is.
That sharp mind
I've heard about.
Sadly limited by its service
to your master's profits.
You're going to thank me
when the wall comes down.
Then you'll see what
true freedom looks like.
Let's make this convincing.
Not again!
No one said the apocalypse
would come easy.
Hey. Rabbit!
Hop your way out of this!
See? Told you
there was a rabbit!
Hey. don't his necklace look
kind of like your necklace.
but with the other half of it?
Whoa! I… I'm stronger
than I thought.
That's my boy!
Ta-ta! Have to run.
We go now.
Bloody hell. Just when
I was about to kill her.
Just when you were
about to kill her?
Just when I was
about to kill her!
I'll get it back.
Mom. I promise.
♪ Cut my life into pieces
This is my last resort ♪
He's here.
♪ Suffocation. no breathing
Don't give a fuck… ♪
You have your orders.
♪ This is my last resort ♪
All right. now I'm pissed.
♪ Suffocation. no breathing ♪
♪ Don't give a fuck If
I cut my arm bleeding ♪
♪ Do you even care
if I die bleeding? ♪
♪ Would it be wrong. would it be
right If I took my life tonight? ♪
♪ Chances are that I might ♪
♪ Mutilation out of sight ♪
♪ And I'm
contemplatin' suicide ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm losin' my
sight Losin' my mind ♪
♪ Wish somebody would
tell me I'm fine ♪
♪ Losin' my sight.
losin' my mind ♪
♪ Wish somebody would
tell me I'm fine ♪
♪ I never realized I
was spread too thin ♪
Nice one. bro!
♪ Till it was too late
And I was empty within ♪
♪ Feeding on chaos
and living in sin ♪
♪ Downward spiral.
where do I begin? ♪
♪ It all started when
I lost my mother ♪
♪ No love for myself And
no love for another ♪
♪ To find a love
upon a higher level ♪
♪ Finding nothing but
Questions and devils ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm losing my
sight Losing my mind ♪
♪ Wish somebody would
tell me I'm fine ♪
♪ Losing my sight.
losing my mind ♪
♪ Wish somebody
would tell me I'm… ♪
Damn. he's cool.
Come on!
Come on. come on. come on.
You can do it.
I believe in you.
Hey. while I've got you here.
what's it like being a demon?
Do you have to be evil?
Like. if someone
was only part demon.
if maybe their dad
was possibly one.
but their mom was a human.
you think they'd
get a choice. right?
Thanks for the talk!
You're a great listener!
♪ Cut my life into pieces ♪
That's it. Let it out.
Let it out!
♪ Suffocation. no breathing ♪
♪ Don't give a fuck If
I cut my arm bleeding ♪
You two all right?
Yeah. only until that killer Beanie
Baby decides to end the world.
I'm working on that.
You put a tracking
device on the amulet?
Just in case.
What is it?
How far away are they?
Almost a mile. That means…
♪ Can't go on ♪
♪ Living this way ♪
♪ Nothing's all ♪
Jackpot!
♪ Right ♪
Mmm? Mmm.
It seems I still need
to push you harder.
son of Sparda.
It's your lucky day.
See. my power works off
of quantum mirroring.
I can only take on a new body
if I'm copying a form
made of living tissue.
which means I need
to keep you alive.
One of you.
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf
off of the tree ♪
♪ On it. I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure. green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light. dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN
CONROY
♪ The devil's cry ♪